First day of junior high school, let go!
Sister, I can't take it anymore
You should go
I will come back for you on the first day of junior high school
You unsatisfactory grandson
Thank you. Thank you.
How did you know I was in danger?
Come and save me
Is a fellow
Said that a stranger was haunted by the scourge
As soon as I guess it's you, come and have a look
Fellow who?
It's me, I went to find Mr. Zhang
You're not my officer
Did you meet that blind big brother?
I'm afraid you've been harmed by a ghost.
So I went to Mr. Zhang to save you
I didn't expect you and Mr. Zhang to still be a family
Blind brother
You are an old resident of the village
The mother-in-law and daughter-in-law of the Ding family
How did it become a harmful scourge?
Ah!
This matter
He wants to start with the marriage of the Ding family three years ago
Three years ago.
Because the mother-in-law wanted to rinse the virus son
Bought him a wife
Dusk when entering the door at night